PwC - PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Ottawa - PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Ottawa 
 May 2025 - Technology Strategy and Transformation - Summer Internship - Ottawa 
 What you will create and do
As an intern in our Technology Strategy and Transformation team in our Consulting practice, you'll have the opportunity to work with our practitioners in to help our clients address their most complex business challenges. You'll be a part of the teams responsible for enabling digital innovation and leveraging the power of technology to build a better tomorrow. You'll help provide solutions focused on cloud computing, artificial intelligence (AI), extracting value from enterprise data, and technology effectiveness.
With connectivity being a key enabler of our strategy, our objective is to become the most connected firm - connected to our clients, our communities and to each other. PwC follows an Activity Based Work model, where our PwC professionals engage in a diverse range of activities from our offices, from client sites, or our homes.
What you bring to this role:
Enrolled in second or third year of the following post-secondary programs: business management, commerce, engineering, or computer science, which could include management information system (MIS), data and AI capabilities, business analytics specialization
Strong interest in business strategies powered by the latest technologies
Basic understanding of business management principles, information systems, data management, analytics, and AI.
Experience with research and data gathering from a variety of sources
Experience with the Microsoft 365 suite
Openness to learning new skills and business tools
Ability to collaborate effectively with others and build trustworthy relationships
Ability to quickly prioritize and coordinate tasks while working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills
Attention to detail as well as excellent organizational and analytical skills
Alignment with PwC values: Act with integrity. Make a difference. Care. Work together. Reimagine the possible.
Comfortable travelling to cities across Canada, if required
Authorization to work for PwC in Canada for the duration of the internship
Valid Federal Government security clearance or ability to obtain one
We'd love it even more if you're bilingual in English and French, however this isn't a requirement.
Note: We only allow you to submit one application; however, you can select a second and third office preference. 
 Application Deadline: January 24, 2025 11:59 PM
Application Method: Use your company website for applications
https://pwc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/fr-CA/Global_Campus_Careers/job/Ottawa/May-2025---Technology-Strategy-and-Transformation---Summer-Internship---Ottawa_591746WD-1