Dayforce 
 Public Sector Sales Market Research Intern 4 or 8 months - 20766 
 Dayforce, a global leader in Human Capital Management (HCM) with headquarters in Toronto, Ontario, and Minneapolis, Minnesota, operates across North America, EMEA, and APJ regions. Our Cloud HCM platform, recognized for its unified database and continuous calculation engine, enhances efficiency, productivity, and compliance for global workforces. We are committed to "Making Work Life Better™" for employees, customers, and partners worldwide.
As an Intern at Dayforce, you'll gain real-world experience with meaningful responsibilities, access to development programs, and the chance to collaborate globally, bringing new ideas and optimizing processes across multiple business units.
Location: Virtual
Duration: 4 or 8 Months (May 2025 - August 2025) OR (May 2025 - December 2025)
Availability: *Full-time availability of 37.5 - 40 hours weekly is required to be eligible for this opportunity.
Benefits for Students:
Experience working for one of the fastest growing Human Capital Management technology companies in the world Access to Dayforce's development programs and resources
Ability to work with as well as create relationships with members across the globe
Autonomy to bring forth new ideas and optimize existing structures within the organization
Meaningful responsibilities, enabling you to obtain 'real-world' experience
Dynamic hands-on exposure to multiple business-units and stakeholders across Dayforce
About the opportunity:
The US sales team works entrepreneurially with a growing teamwithin Dayforce. The intern will be working remotely with the public sector of the US sales team. The intern will work closely with PS Vice President, marketing and Account Executives to research public sector verticals and ranking for product fit and marketing outreach. Presenting findings and developing marketing and outreach plans to increase public sector market share in USA.

What you'll get to do:
A typical day could include any of the following activities:
Collaborate with the public sector sales and marketing team to identify potential public sector agencies that could benefit from Dayforce HCM software.
Conduct market research to gather information on public sector agencies, their needs, and purchasing behaviors.
Assist in developing and executing targeted marketing campaigns to reach public sector agencies.
Support the sales team in generating leads and qualifying prospects.
Prepare and present reports on market research findings and campaign performance.
Participate in team meetings and contribute ideas for improving sales and marketing strategies.


Skills and Experience we value:
Currently pursuing or recently completed a degree in Marketing, Business, Public Administration, or a related field.
Strong interest in sales, marketing, and the public sector.
Excellent research and analytical skills.
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint).
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to work independently and as part of a team.
Detail-oriented with strong organizational skills.


What would make you really stand out:
Previous internship or work experience in sales, marketing, or the public sector is a plus.
What's in it for you
Dayforce is fueled by the diversity of our talented employees. We are an equal opportunity employer and consider and embrace ALL individuals and what makes them unique. We believe our employees should be happy and healthy, with peace of mind and a sense of fulfillment.
We encourage individuals to apply based on their passions.
Dayforce encourages personal and professional growth. We offer excellent time away from work programs, comprehensive wellness initiatives and recognition through competitive pay and benefits.
With a commitment to community impact, including volunteer days and our charity, Dayforce Cares we provide opportunities for you to thrive both in your career and personal life. Our focus is not just on your job but on supporting you to be the best version of yourself.
Fraudulent Recruiting
Beware of fraudulent recruiting. Legitimate Dayforce contacts will use an @dayforce.com or @Ceridian.com email address. We do not request money, checks, equipment orders, or sensitive personal data during the recruitment process. If you have been asked for any of the above, or believe you have been contacted by someone posing as a Dayforce employee, please refer to our fraudulent recruiting statement found here: https://www.dayforce.com/be-aware-of-recruiting-fraud 
 Application Deadline: January 24, 2025 11:59 PM
Application Method: Use your company website for applications
https://jobs.dayforcehcm.com/en-US/mydayforce/InternshipsandCoops/jobs/78516