Dayforce 
 Change Management Intern - 20746 
 Dayforce, a global leader in Human Capital Management (HCM) with headquarters in Toronto, Ontario, and Minneapolis, Minnesota, operates across North America, EMEA, and APJ regions. Our Cloud HCM platform, recognized for its unified database and continuous calculation engine, enhances efficiency, productivity, and compliance for global workforces. We are committed to "Making Work Life Better™" for employees, customers, and partners worldwide.
As an Intern at Dayforce, you'll gain real-world experience with meaningful responsibilities, access to development programs, and the chance to collaborate globally, bringing new ideas and optimizing processes across multiple business units.
Duration: 4 Months (May 2025 - August 2025)
Location: Virtual
Availability:Full-time availability of 37.5 - 40 hours weekly is required to be eligible for this opportunity.
Benefits for Students:
Experience working for one of the fastest growing Human Capital Management technology companies in the world Access to Dayforce's development programs and resources
Ability to work with as well as create relationships with members across the globe
Autonomy to bring forth new ideas and optimize existing structures within the organization
Meaningful responsibilities, enabling you to obtain 'real-world' experience
Dynamic hands-on exposure to multiple business-units and stakeholders across Dayforce
About the opportunity:
As a Change Management Intern within the Global Programs Team (which is part of Dayforce's Strategy, Product & Technology organization), you will get the opportunity to work alongside subject matter experts in different areas and help expand our current portfolio offerings by assisting with building out new programs, resources or processes. Additionally, you will help support the running of our existing programs, ensuring they continue to operate smoothly by owning administrative, project management and coordination tasks.
About the Global Programs Team: We are a highly collaborative and close-knit team with a strong sense of culture, and we empower SP&T teams by providing opportunities for learning and collaboration, and we engage SP&T teams by leading change initiatives and people programs, allowing our colleagues to focus on building world-class software solutions.


What you'll get to do:
Support the SP&T Recognition and Rewards Program operations by assisting with updating the project plan, preparing project decks, drafting communications, preparing spreadsheets, working with the award's vendor, coordinating award shipments, and updating internal program webpages.
Provide support for SP&T organization communications vehicles owned by the Global Programs Team. Review, edit and proofread P&T communications, produce Q&As documents, assist with building out of decks.
Assist with the project coordination related to the development of short internal videos
Support the continued development and enhancement of Strategy, Product and Technology's Change Management Office's offerings by adding to and maintaining the quality and accessibility of our internal toolkit.
Assist with the development of change management plans and training as needed.
Action, triage, and escalate requests through our internal support channels.
Provide administrative support, project coordination and event support as needed for projects, systems and programs owned by the Global Programs Team.
Design and maintenance of internal SharePoint and Confluence wiki sites as needed.
Flex to support high-priority business initiatives across the Global Program Team as needed.
Skills and Experience we value:
Excellent communicator with strong written and verbal communications skills in English.
Pursuing a university or college degree, preferably within a Business or Management related discipline.
Project coordination or project management experience.
Experience writing, editing and proofreading communications.
Ability to multi-task and prioritize multiple projects simultaneously in a deadline-driven environment and ensure project stakeholders kept informed of updates via email recaps.
Must be highly organized with exceptional attention to detail.
Reliable self-starter who takes initiative and fully owns assigned tasks.
Demonstrated commitment to providing exceptional internal customer experience.
Proficient in Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint.
Ability to learn how to use new technologies quickly.
An aptitude for design and creativity.
Shows a capacity for innovation, idea generation, and problem-solving.
A strong ability to work in a collaborative team setting.
What's in it for you
Dayforce is fueled by the diversity of our talented employees. We are an equal opportunity employer and consider and embrace ALL individuals and what makes them unique. We believe our employees should be happy and healthy, with peace of mind and a sense of fulfillment.
We encourage individuals to apply based on their passions.
Dayforce encourages personal and professional growth. We offer excellent time away from work programs, comprehensive wellness initiatives and recognition through competitive pay and benefits.
With a commitment to community impact, including volunteer days and our charity, Dayforce Cares we provide opportunities for you to thrive both in your career and personal life. Our focus is not just on your job but on supporting you to be the best version of yourself.
Fraudulent Recruiting
Beware of fraudulent recruiting. Legitimate Dayforce contacts will use an @dayforce.com or @Ceridian.com email address. We do not request money, checks, equipment orders, or sensitive personal data during the recruitment process. If you have been asked for any of the above, or believe you have been contacted by someone posing as a Dayforce employee, please refer to our fraudulent recruiting statement found here: https://www.dayforce.com/be-aware-of-recruiting-fraud 
 Application Deadline: January 24, 2025 11:59 PM
Application Method: Use your company website for applications
https://jobs.dayforcehcm.com/en-US/mydayforce/InternshipsandCoops/jobs/78419