City of Ottawa - Innovative Client Services Department 
 COOP Student, Planning (15732) 
 Requisition ID: 15732
Department: Planning, Development & Building Dept.
Service: Planning Services
Branch: Development Review Branch
Employment Type: 6 Co-op Student - (May 2025 to August 2025)
Work Hours: 35.00/hours per week
Affiliation: Non Union/Non MPE
Salary Information: $26.982 - $31.566 per hour (2024 rates of pay)
Location: City Hall,110 Laurier Avenue West
City: Ottawa, ON
Job Category: Co-op student recruitment
Application Close: 31/01/2025
To be considered for this competition you must be enrolled in a registered co-op program at a Canadian post-secondary institution, and eligible for a Work Term during the specified period. Students must upload proof of enrolment in a co-op program when completing your application.
JOB SUMMARY

This job is exclusively for Coop Students who are enrolled in a recognized post-secondary co-operative education program OR the internship program at Queen's University.
The Planning, Infrastructure and Economic Development department is responsible for the planning and delivery of growth activities, including long range land use planning, the City's long-term infrastructure plan, the management of capital investments, development approvals, delivering on major city-building projects and identifying opportunities to foster economic prosperity.
You are responsible for performing various activities associated with the support of planning activities, including conducting surveys, research, data analysis, and preparing documents.
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE

Enrolment in a recognized co-operative education program in one of the following: engineering, urban planning, environmental studies, computer science or related field OR
Enrolment in the internship program at Queen's University
No experience required
KNOWLEDGE
Familiarity with general land use planning principles
Knowledge of word processing, spread sheets, GIS, interpreting air photos and maps, and a familiarity with reading plans
COMPETENCIES, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Analytical and research techniques
Ability to work both independently and as a member of a team, and to quickly adjust from one project to another
Attention to detail
MS Office
Flexible
Dependable
WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW
Language Requirement: English oral, reading, writing
Please save a copy of the job poster. Once the closing date has passed, it will no longer be available.
We wish to thank all applicants for their interest and effort in applying for this position. Only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted.
The City of Ottawa promotes the principles of diversity and inclusion and adheres to the tenets of the Canadian Human Rights Act and the Ontario Human Rights Code. We encourage applications from members of Indigenous, Black and other racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women and non-binary persons, persons of all ethnic origins, religions, sexual orientations, classes, gender identities and expressions.
Candidates are encouraged to self-identify as a member of one or more designated employment equity groups in the self-identification questionnaire.
The City of Ottawa provides accommodation during all parts of the hiring process, upon request, to applicants with disabilities. If contacted to proceed to the selection process, please advise us if you require any accommodation.
Accessible formats and communication supports are available upon request. Please contact the HR Service Centre at 613-580-2424, extension 47411. 
 Application Deadline: January 31, 2025 11:59 PM
Application Method: Use your company website for applications
https://jobs-emplois.ottawa.ca/city-jobs/job/Ottawa%2C-ON-COOP-Student%2C-Planning-ON/729273547/?from=email&refid=14047013647&utm_source=J2WEmail&source=2&eid=2247-202501140201-22116630047&locale=en_GB