Public Safety Canada - Human Resources 
 CSIS Co-op Recruitment for Summer 2026 
 Opportunities for the summer of 2026 (May - August) are now available on Available Jobs - Canada.ca. Interested students have until February 14, 2025 to submit an application. Due to the lengthy recruitment process and Top Secret clearance, students must apply online one year prior to the start date. Work periods can last 4, 8, 12 or 16 months.
Student: Analysis & Exploitation of Info Sources
Student: Communications
Student: External Review and Compliance
Student: Finance
Student: Foreign Language
Student: Human Resources
Student: Info. Management & Legal Info. Mgmt
Student: Intelligence Analysis
Student: Internal Audit and Evaluation
Student: IT and Engineering
Student: Litigation and Disclosure
Student: Policy and Foreign Relations
Student: Research and Partnerships Analyst
Student: Screening Analyst
Although most positions are based in Ottawa, some are available elsewhere in the country. Location information is available in the tabloids.
IMPORTANT: Conversations with CSIS
The Service will be holding four virtual events to showcase the student jobs it will be offering in Summer 2026.
English events :
Friday, January 17, 2025, from 12:00 p.m. to 1:00 p.m.;
Monday, February 3, 2025, from 12:00 p.m. to 1:00 p.m.
Événements en français :
Lundi, le 20 janvier 2025, de midi à 13h;
Vendredi, le 31 janvier 2025, de midi à 13h.
We would like to invite you to register for one of the events below to receive more information about what we can offer you during an internship at CSIS. This is a conversation with human resources specialists and hiring managers from the Service. They'll be able to answer any questions you may have.
Don't miss this unique opportunity. click here to register for Conversations with CSIS!
Our commitment
CSIS values its students because they play an important role. They bring new ideas and perspectives, and their contributions are recognized within our organization. Our students are seen as future full-time employees who have the opportunity to develop their careers and become professionals reaching the highest echelons of the organization.
Basic requirements
To apply, interested candidates must meet the following basic requirements:
- Be a Canadian citizen;
- Provide verifiable information on the last ten years;
- Have full-time student status at a recognized academic institution during the period of employment. 
 Application Deadline: February 14, 2025 11:59 PM
Application Method: Use your company website for applications
https://www.canada.ca/en/security-intelligence-service/corporate/csis-jobs/student-opportunities.html